
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::FlavourMenu - Posy plugin to make a menu of flavours.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.42'' of Posy::Plugin::FlavourMenu.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This plugin creates a menu to let users choose a particular "flavour" of
page layout.

There is one variable filled in by this plugin that can be used within your
flavour files. The $flow_flavour_menu variable contains the list of links of
the different flavours available on your site.


==   Activation   ==

This plugin needs to be added to both the plugins list and the actions list.
It doesn't really matter where it is in the plugins list, just so long as
you also have the Posy::Plugin::YamlConfig plugin as well.

In the actions list, it needs to go somewhere after ``head_template'' and
before ``head_render'', since the config needs to have been read, and this
needs to set values before the head is rendered.


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the data
directory.

This requires the Posy::Plugin::YamlConfig plugin (or equivalent), because
the configuration variables for this plugin are not simple string values; it
expects the config values to be in a hash at $self->{config}->{flavour_menu}

``flavour_menu''
A hash containing the settings.

``flavours''
The list of flavours you want to offer in your menu, in the order that you
want them to be shown.

Note that for every entry in this list, there must be a corresponding entry
in the names hash.

``names''
The labels to give the flavours in the menu list.

Example config file:

        ---
        flavour_menu:
          flavours:
            - html
            - top
            - side
            - rss
          names:
            html: Default
            top: Top
            side: Sidebar
            rss: 'Rss Feed'


==== INSTALLATION ====

Installation needs will vary depending on the particular setup a person has.


==   Administrator, Automatic   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, then the dead simple method of
installing the modules is to use the CPAN or CPANPLUS system.

    cpanp -i Posy::Plugin::FlavourMenu

This will install this plugin in the usual places where modules get
installed when one is using CPAN(PLUS).


==   Administrator, By Hand   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, but don't wish to use the
CPAN(PLUS) method, then this is for you. Take the *.tar.gz file and untar it
in a suitable directory.

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install


==   User With Shell Access   ==

If you are a user on a system, and don't have root/administrator access, you
need to install Posy somewhere other than the default place (since you don't
have access to it). However, if you have shell access to the system, then
you can install it in your home directory.

Say your home directory is "/home/fred", and you want to install the modules
into a subdirectory called "perl".

Download the *.tar.gz file and untar it in a suitable directory.

    perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules, and the PATH variable to find the scripts (posy_one,
posy_static).

Therefore you will need to change: your path, to include
/home/fred/perl/script (where the script will be)

        PATH=/home/fred/perl/script:${PATH}

the PERL5LIB variable to add /home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core
    Posy::Plugin::YamlConfig

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2004-2005 by Kathryn Andersen

Based in part on the 'css' blosxom plugin by Eric Davis <edavis <at>
foobargeek <dot> com> http://www.foobargeek.com And in part on the
'flavourmenu' blosxom plugin by Tim Lambert (lambert <at> cse <dot> unsw
<dot> edu <dot> au)

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

